# My Yapping

I decided to try using GoogleTest to make my testing files, and through a long series of errors and troubleshooting decided to finally use CMake in my program. I have no experience with CMake, only with makefiles I would manually create for classes at my university. I managed to throw together some basic files and got the CMake build to run and configure itself. I then decided to remove my manual make.cpp file.

I never used try-catch statements all that often in C++, only primarily in Java, so I decided to try using them more in this project. I also have not properly set up the tests in my test file, but for now, I am fine with that. The compiler is the fun part anyway haha, but I will put good effort towards the test file because it will be of growing importance the larger this project becomes.


# Tasks Performed

- Modulurized compiler.
  - Split compiler.cpp into token.hpp, tokenizer.cpp, and tokenizer.hpp.
- Increased compiler source code readability
- Fixed bugs in private tool for dev note generation
- Fortify all currently existing files.
  - tokenizer.hpp
  - tokenizer.cpp
  - token.hpp
  - compile.cpp
- Update formatting for dev_note_gen.cpp
    - Changed format to YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS with the 24hr time format.
- Extend tokenizer TokenType functionality
  - Open/Close parenthesis (for conditions)
  - Open/Close Braces (for bodies)
  - Addition
  - Subtraction
  - Equation (=)
- Removed old make.cpp file
- Transitioned to CMake
  
# TODO

- Create extensive test files for compiler.cpp, token, and tokenizer.
- Extend tokenizer TokenType functionality
  > - Basic alphabetical variables
- Fortify typing in class files
